# Autonomous-Guided-Vehicle-for-payload-movement-in-urban-industries
As part of my internship, I designed the _Mecanum Wheels_ of the **Autonomous Guided Vehicle** in SOLIDWORKS to impart multiple Degrees of Freedom (DOF) to it, so that it is able to navigate sharp turns easily. I adjusted the different axes of the rollers on the wheel, transferred the generated URDF files to ROS2 workspace and used Gazebo for simulations. Due to strict privacy policy and licenses associated with this project, I am not authorized to share the codebases and designs of the project here. But hey! Here is a crisp description of my work on it!

The trajectory planning problem is formulated as a **constrained optimal-control-based problem**, using a **Model Predictive Controller (MPC)** as the main controller, with the constraints bounding the navigable region of the floor. Thereafter, **Probabilistic Road Map (PRM)** algorithm was used to generate a graph of all the possible paths and the shortest path was found using **A* algorithm**. MPC iteratively plans an optimal vehicle trajectory through the constrained corridor. Metrics from this best case scenario establish the minimum threat posed to the current state of the vehicle. Based on this threat assessment, the level and degree of controller intervention is calculated to prevent departure from the generated path on the corridor and the controller inputs are scaled accordingly. This minimizes controller intervention while ensuring the AGV follows the given path.

All this is done in the **Frenet Frame** as it represents an object and its trajectory with respect to a reference path (here, the corridor). The main advantage of using the Frenet frame is that it allows us to see the obstacles on the longitudinal axis of the AGV, its distance from us and lateral position with respect to the center line. 
